so I was told to do a YouTube video for
this assignment um just 60 seconds or
something but all things considered my
life is kind of boring but if there is
one thing that is important in my life
is that I am in fact a massive nerd um
so I thought it' be cool for these 60
seconds to show just two characters from
The Monster Manual of D and D it doesn't
show it but it's fifth edition so the
first one
oh oh my gosh
sorry the first one is the bayor I like
him cuz he's scary and he was I think
the first monster ever fought um one of
the first D and D games I ever did was
with my uncle um at like a family
reunion and I killed this dude uh but I
didn't
realize one of his things is that when
it dies it explodes and I nearly died
and it stuck in with my head um another
important thing another interesting
thing at least is that Balor or Balor is
the name of the old leader of the tuatha
toon in in Celtic mythology also known
as like the oneeyed evil God